Document the procedure to update channels and import more content (#106)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/manage/_content.rst

.. _id_token:

> Each Kolibri content channel has its own **token/ID** in `Kolibri Studio <https://studio.learningequality.org/accounts/login/>`__. You can freely view and browse content to import from the **public** channels in Kolibri, but in order to :ref:`import content from private or unlisted channels <import_with_token>`, you will need the **channel token or ID from the content curator who assembled it**.

Reviewer: > channel token or ID

maybe we should just call it the channel token? I feel like channel IDs haven't been a thing for a while now

    Select a source to import Kolibri content channels.

.. _import_studio:

> 

Author: @ivanistheone I squeezed in a `manage.html#import-with-token` shortcut in the meantime, until I finish the refactor from #45 :wink:

    .. figure:: img/import-CC.png
  	  :alt: Content import progress bar will display the percentage of the download, and the Close button once it's finished 

> .. _import_with_token:

Author: @ivanistheone I squeezed in a `manage.html#import-with-token` shortcut in the meantime, until I finish the refactor from #45 :wink:

7. If you need to import content from a **private/unlisted** channel, click on **Try adding the token** link above the channel list.  

> 8. Enter the **channel token/ID** received from the channel curator on Kolibri Studio.

Reviewer: similar comment here re: ID

    .. figure:: img/enter-token.png
  	  :alt: Use the text input field to enter channel token in order to import from an unlisted channel

> 9. Click :guilabel:`CONFIRM` to unlock channel, or :guilabel:`CANCEL` to exit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Click :guilabel:`CONFIRM` to unlock the channel, or :guilabel:`CANCEL` to exit.
```

    :alt: Use the text input fields to add the new address and the name for the local network import

#. Click :guilabel:`ADD` to save this address to your device settings. If you later decide to delete it, use the link *Forget*.

> #. Click :guilabel:`CONTUNUE` and follow the same steps for selecting topics and resources as for the :ref:`import from Kolibri Studio <import_studio>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`CONTINUE` and follow the same steps for selecting topics and resources as for the :ref:`import from Kolibri Studio <import_studio>`.
```

Author: 🤦‍♀

On Linux and OSX you will need to enable the **Show hidden folders** option in order to view the ``.kolibri`` folder.    

Update Content Channels
-----------------------

> Public channels on Kolibri Studio are periodically updated from their original sources. Private and unlisted channels that you have on you local Kolibri device may have also changed since you first imported them, and have some new content added in the meantime. You can update your local channels from Kolibri Studio if you have internet connection, from another device in your local network where the content has already been updated, or from an external drive where the latest version of the channels has been :ref:`previously exported <export>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Public channels on Kolibri Studio are periodically updated from their original sources. Private and unlisted channels that you have on your local Kolibri device may also have changed since you first imported them. You can update your local channels from Kolibri Studio from online sources, from another updated device in your local network or from an external drive where the latest version of the channels has been :ref:`previously exported <export>`.
```

> .. warning:: Don't update channels used to make :ref:`lessons <manage_lessons>` and :ref:`quizzes <manage_quizzes>` while those are **still active and visible to learners**. The structure and location of some resources inside the channel may have changed in the updated version, which can render them unavailable and create loading issues. It is recommended to **schedule and perform channel updates only during periods when learners are not actively working on lessons and quizzes**.

Reviewer: Saying "don't do this" seems a little bit strong. It's also somewhat unrelated to the other guidance about doing imports when people are not actively working with Kolibri.

Perhaps break it into two independent warnings? Could do something like:

> **Warning:** Use caution when updating channels that have been used to make currently-active :ref:`lessons <manage_lessons>` and :ref:`quizzes <manage_quizzes>`. The structure and location of resources inside the channel may have changed in the updated version, which can cause lessons and quizzes to not load correctly.
>
> **Warning:** It is recommended to schedule and perform channel updates only during periods of low activity on the server. Updating content while people are using the server may cause errors or performance issues.

> To update channel to its latest version and import new content into Kolibri, follow these steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update a channel to its latest version and import new content into Kolibri, follow these steps.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`OPTIONS` for the channel you want to update, and select **Import more**.

> #. Choose the source option: **Kolibri Studio**, **Local network or internet**, or **Attached drive or memory card**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Choose the source option: **Kolibri Studio**, **Local network or internet** or **Attached drive or memory card**.
```

#. If there is a new channel version available, you will see the notification.

    .. figure:: img/update-channel.png
      :alt: 

      Notification for the new version of the content channel.

> 4. Click the :guilabel:`UPDATE` button, and wait for the updated topic tree to load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click the :guilabel:`UPDATE` button and wait for the updated topic tree to load.
```

> 5. You will see empty checkboxes for any new content added to the channel since you last imported. Select and import content by following the steps for import from :ref:`Kolibri Studio <import_studio>`, :ref:`local network <local_network>`, or :ref:`attached drive <local_drive>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. You will see empty check boxes for any new content added to the channel since your last import. Select and import content by following the steps from :ref:`Kolibri Studio <import_studio>`, :ref:`local network <local_network>`, or :ref:`attached drive <local_drive>`.
```
